Fixes #29367 | update `ServiceWorkerRegistration.scope` and `ServiceWorkerRegistration.updateViaCache` to better reflect its relationship with `ServiceWorkerContainer.register()` (#30447)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworkerregistration/scope/index.md

{{APIRef("Service Workers API")}}{{SecureContext_Header}} {{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`scope`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration")}} interface is a string representing a URL that defines a service worker's registration scope; that is, the range of URLs a service worker can control. This is set using the `scope` parameter specified in the call to {{domxref('ServiceWorkerContainer.register()')}} which registered the service worker.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`scope`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration")}} interface returns a string representing a URL that defines a service worker's registration scope; that is, the range of URLs a service worker can control. This is set using the `scope` parameter specified in the call to {{domxref('ServiceWorkerContainer.register()')}} which registered the service worker.
```

> The **`scope`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration")}} interface returns the service worker's registration scope associated with the current service worker registration using the `scope` parameter specified when register the service worker by calling {{domxref('ServiceWorkerContainer.register()')}}. The service worker must be on the {{Glossary("Same-origin policy", "same origin")}} as the document that registers the {{domxref("ServiceWorker")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`scope`** read-only property of the {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration")}} interface is a string representing a URL that defines a service worker's registration scope; that is, the range of URLs a service worker can control. This is set using the `scope` parameter specified in the call to {{domxref('ServiceWorkerContainer.register()')}} which registered the service worker.
```

## Value

> A string representing a URL that defines a service worker's registration scope.

Author: ```suggestion
Returns a string representing a URL that defines a service worker's registration scope.
```

> Returns the service worker's registration scope associated with the current service worker registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string representing a URL that defines a service worker's registration scope.
```
